this is the first dual screened or
double screened gaming laptop that we've
seen on the market we've seen other
devices out there like the Zen book pros
and macbook pros that sometimes have
double screens but this is the first one
that was geared specifically for gaming
this is the HP omen X 2s and it has a
little 6-inch screen right above the
keyboard they've added some
functionality to the screen designed
specifically for gaming we'll get into
that later but it's also one of the
first laptops out there that ran liquid
metal instead of regular thermal paste
on the heatsink now this device is
relatively thin it's 20 millimeters at
the finish and I think 21 at the
thickest it is a very thin device but
they've packed this thing with some very
powerful hardware it's running the RT X
28 Emacs q as well as an ninth gen Intel
CPU this thing can play games but I'm
going to focus this video on the two
main features that I'm most interested
in first the functionality of that
little screen like is that thing a
gimmick or is it actually useful as well
as the thermal performance of this
device given the liquid metal that it's
running so the secondary screen is a six
inch IPS panel it's positioned right
above the keyboard and it's in a better
position up here instead of the lowered
position like we've seen on some of the
older Zenbook pros in terms of its
functionality there's a lot of stuff
that HP puts on their website to
showcase how people could use this
personally I found it limited as to what
I would actually want to do with it for
one the screen is not super big right
you do have a relatively small area to
work with but you can put stuff like
Spotify or a secondary website or some
kind of reference material down there
that works you also have the option of
running like a really small game on
there so you can get stuff like dota
under Lords keep it running on there
your graphics card can handle it and you
can leave your main screen for your work
or whatever else you're doing there is
one feature on the screen that I've
never seen on any other kind of dual
screen laptop before and I think it's
because this is a gaming laptop they've
implemented this feature so it allows
you to take a portion of the main screen
zoom it up and put it into the mini
display so as an example you can take
the map of your main display put it down
there you can put your cooldown
indicators so it's more visually obvious
you can even put your targeting reticle
and make it this zoomed up version of
whatever you're looking at on the
screen down there so it's a slightly
easier to snipe in certain games the
idea of it is cool like when you first
see it for the first time it's like hey
that is very different it's almost
cheating but the actual benefits of this
are debatable I found that when it
brought the mini-map from games onto the
screen it looked cool right to have this
larger version of the mini-map to refer
to but now your eye is looking further
away than it normally does to access
that information and the same thing
applies for a cool-down management and
sniping because you now you're looking
at the bottom screen to snipe and then
back up to the main screen to kind of
monitor what you're doing again it's a
little disorienting to be looking up and
then down and then back up to do
something that could have been done just
by looking straight at the screen the
whole time the thing that I would say
that kind of ruins this secondary zoom
feature for me is that when game
developers make their games and they
develop their you eyes for regular
screens they've built the UI and they've
positioned stuff around the screen in a
very optimal way for the player to just
have one screen and no matter what
element of the UI I moved into that
bottom screen it never felt overly
useful you do have the option of running
discord or twitch or running some
secondary reference material of your
game in that bottom screen and in those
circumstances it is more useful but for
using the actual gameplay UI and putting
it down there I just found it a little
lackluster ok let's talk about
performance this device uses liquid
metal instead of regular thermal paste
on the heatsink and in doing so I think
they've achieved a very thin machine
this is 20 millimeters thick and I
really think that's the main reason why
they chose the liquid metal instead of
the regular paste because the thermal
performance of this device is not all
that great if they had made this device
thicker we probably would seem better
temperatures but because the device is
thin and because it's running that
secondary screen on the top it depends
on this bottom area to cool the system
properly so they've added a pretty big
grille here it's quite open but it's not
enough I really would have liked to see
lower temperatures it doesn't throttle
when you're playing lighter James but it
does throttle when you're benchmarking
or you're playing heavier titles now the
product that they're using is this stuff
it's conduct or not from thermal grizzly
I've used it before it's liquid metal
and the company thermal grizzly makes
some really good
interface materials I think these two
products like cryo knot and conducts a
knot are some of the best stuff you can
get but I'm surprised at how warm the
temperatures are like conduct or not the
liquid metal stuff that they're using in
here can get some really good
temperatures but the omen is kind of
mediocre on thermals okay let's get back
to the rest of the device the keyboard
has been shifted down because of this
secondary screen and it's actually a
pretty good keyboard I like how it feels
and the keys are individually lit but I
don't love the positioning they include
a wrist rest that you can but up to the
bottom of it and it makes it a more
comfortable typing experience but it
isn't necessary I didn't find it
uncomfortable to type without the wrist
rest the trackpad is also on the right
it uses Windows precision drivers and it
also has these external buttons so
here's the thing at this point in the
review I've talked about the two kind of
main features of this laptop the thermal
performance in light of the liquid metal
as well as the secondary screen both of
those features are what HP used to
differentiate this product from
basically everything else out there and
I think it was a good attempt on their
part in terms of what they were trying
to do they were trying to achieve
something that no one else is doing on
the market right now
and in that regard it's commendable
because they're trying to make something
that is new that is innovative the
problem is that these features don't
make it a better product to me it makes
it a different product like this is
distinctly different from basically
everyone else out there making gaming
laptops but it doesn't make it better
and that's where I'm a little bit
disappointed so when they first
announced this thing when they announced
the secondary screen and the announced
that they were running liquid metal in
this thing I was very excited because I
knew the potential of liquid metal and
I've seen what a secondary screen can do
if it's implemented properly maybe have
been spoiled by a wide double screen
from Asus and maybe have been spoiled by
devices that have significantly better
temperatures running liquid metal but
this device feels like a bit of a miss
it's not to say that it's a bad laptop
but considering what this thing costs
and what it had the potential to do
because of all its cool features I feel
like they didn't live up to the HP omen
name see in 2019 there are so many good
thin and light gaming laptops like
they're super competitive with one
another in terms of pricing in terms of
and this device has the same thing as
everybody else it's running the same 144
Hertz panel it's running the same kind
of port configuration and the
performance is pretty good but the
features that distinguish this thing
from the rest just they don't feel like
they're worth it okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs be like did
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]